[CCC-498] Add documentation for account filtering (#27517)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/aws.md

**Note:** Data can take up to 48 to 72 hours after setup to stabilize in Datadog.

### Account filtering

> Use Account Filtering to get granular control of what AWS member accounts you want to pull into Cloud Cost Management. You will not incur any additional costs for accounts that you filter out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Account Filtering to control which AWS member accounts to pull into Cloud Cost Management. You do not incur any additional costs for accounts that you filter out.
```

> To use Account Filtering, an AWS management account is required. You can configure account filters during setup and after an account has been configured in Cloud Cost Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Account Filtering requires an AWS management account. You can configure account filters during setup and after an account has been configured in Cloud Cost Management.
```

> #### Configure account filters for new account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure account filters for a new account
```

> Navigate to [**Cloud Costs** > **Accounts**][18] and click on **Add Account** on the AWS account card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [**Cloud Costs** > **Accounts**][18] and click **Add Account** on the AWS account card.
```

{{< img src="cloud_cost/account_filtering/add_account.png" alt="Add Account button on account card" style="width:100%;" >}}

You can configure account filters in step 4 of the setup process.

{{< img src="cloud_cost/account_filtering/account_filtering_setup.png" alt="Account Filtering UI to filter AWS member accounts during setup" style="width:100%;" >}}

> #### Configure account filters for existing account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure account filters for an existing account
```

> Navigate to [**Cloud Costs** > **Accounts**][18] and click on **Manage Account** for the management account you want to filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [**Cloud Costs** > **Accounts**][18] and click **Manage Account** for the management account you want to filter.
```

{{< img src="cloud_cost/account_filtering/manage_account.png" alt="Manage Account button on account card" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Click on **Billing dataset** to access the Account Filtering UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Billing dataset** to access the Account Filtering UI.
```
